jaja a few months back I did a video
that listed the best multiplayer games
for the Super Nintendo and those games
were mostly really popular so the point
of this video is to mention a few that
aren't so popular not going into huge
detail or anything just showing off some
footage I'll do five co-op games and
five vs. games first as wild guns a game
that's gotten some notoriety in recent
years for being somewhat rare and really
freaking expensive unlike some other
really high priced games though this one
delivers in spades wild guns is an
arcade style fixed view shooting gallery
game that's perfect for two players
sometimes I find with games like this
though the cross here either moves way
too fast or way too slow but it feels
perfect in this game though so while I
don't think it's worth $200 wild guns
remains an excellent multiplayer game
soldiers of fortune also known as chaos
engine is your classic top-down Smash TV
style game play with tons of weapons
power-ups and explosions if you remember
a while back I did a video about True
Lies soldiers of fortune essentially has
the same guts and same design as that
game only with multiplayer and it's kind
of more futuristic II I guess there's 16
levels to crank through though and you
can buy your own weapons as well next is
Jurassic Park part to the chaos
continues this is a classic run and gun
style game that always lends itself well
to multiplayer while the premise of the
game doesn't exactly fit the premise of
the movie who cares the game is pretty
good there's 10 levels that you can play
in any order but there's no save feature
password system so be wary of that for
shoot-'em-ups there's strike gunner STG
it's a solid game that's a bit on the
easy side but the quality sound design
it makes it a very satisfying game to
play there's 15 special weapons
everything from a plasma shield to heat
sinking missiles to photon torpedoes
more importantly this game serves as a
good example of something that's kind of
drab if you're playing by yourself but
it's more fun with a second player super
ninja boy is another very good example
of that it's an RPG with battle
mechanics of a beat'em up so it's got
the usual random battles
only the battles pull you into a
side-scrolling mode where you do the
usual punch kick stuff sounds cool right
it kind of is but the single-player mode
is just so dang slow with a second
player the game is much more fun and
definitely worth checking out now on to
vs. games street racer is very much a
Mario Kart clone although instead of
launching projectiles you basically just
punch the out of everybody else
it's a little bit like road rash but on
cards there's all sorts of different
modes like the rumble mode which is
exactly what you'd expect and a soccer
mode which is pretty funny Micro
Machines is a different kind of racing
game going with a top-down view where
you race as a tiny car or a hovercraft
or a helicopter the track is super
slippery so it's easy to knock each
other off the track entirely so many
curses are sure to be shouted it's a
nice change of pace from kart racing or
arcade-style racing for fighting games
if you're burnt out on the classics like
Street Fighter 2 and killer instinct
then check out weapon Lord it's a solid
fighting game that slipped through the
cracks over the years which is kind of
odd because believe it or not this game
was on the cover of Nintendo Power once
upon a time while the animation might
not be the most fluid the character
design and artwork is crazy and unique
and each character has at least nine or
10 special moves tetris battle gaiden is
the usual tetris style a game but
between two players the next piece
you'll see on display is first-come
first-serve which makes it pretty
interesting there's also special pieces
that trigger spells that either make it
easier for you or worse for the other
player lastly there's pieces on the
surface is just solving a puzzle
literally and the goal is to solve it
faster than your opponent but what makes
this game fun is all the special items
that either help you or screw with your
opponent like freezing their cursor or
inverting their controls that's freaking
great this game will absolutely bring
out your competitive side alright that's
it for now thanks for watching and have
a great rest of your day
you